(gentle piano music)
- [Instructor] In this section
you will learn to analyze a work plan,
identify goods, services, and construction needs,
and verify if goods, services,
and construction already exist within government.
This section should take you approximately 15 minutes
to complete.
(gentle piano music)
To find out which goods, services
and construction you may need,
start by reviewing your work plan.
Look at your activities and sub activities.
Do you have the resources needed to deliver them?
If you do, that's great.
If you do not, which goods or services are missing?
Looking at the work plan provided,
identify which goods and services you will need to procure
by answering the following questions.
(gentle piano music)
Now that you've looked at your work plan
and identified all the goods and services
that you will need to carry out your activities,
check to see if they already exist.
Ask yourself the following questions.
Is there an available stockpile
or inventory in the department?
Are existing ones accessible?
Can the goods or services be transferred
from one unit to another?
Are there other similar goods or services that can be used?
Before initiating any procurement processes,
always check to see if the goods and services you require
are already at your disposal.
Often, the resources you need are right at your fingertips!
(gentle piano music)
Take what you've learned into real life.
Your organization will have its own ways of doing things.
Take a time out from the course to see how goods
and services needs are identified in your department.
You may find that you already have access
to certain resources through various teams
such as Security, Shared Travel Services,
Accommodations, Shared Services Canada,
Training and Accessibility and Duty to Accommodate,
to name but a few.
(gentle piano music)
Now that you know how to analyze a work plan,
how to identify goods, services and construction needs,
and how to compare goods and services needed
with existing goods and services on hand,
let's see what you remember by taking this short quiz.